Add hacker news summarization example (#888)
sematic-ai/sematic: sematic/examples/hackernews_summarization/README.md

# Hacker News Summarization

It fetches stories from Hacker News based on an input query and uses a LLM to summarize them and generates a HTML page of the stories fetched.

## ⚠️ Pre-requisits ⚠️

> This example uses LLMs via API so you need to either have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses LLMs via API so you need to have an API key for one of these services:
```

* [OpenAI API](https://openai.com/blog/openai-api)
* [Cohere API](https://dashboard.cohere.ai/welcome/register)

## Usage

Arguments
- `--query` **(required)** : Search query. Example "llm", "generative AI"
- `--past-n-days`: Past N number of days to fetch stories for
- `--max-stories` : Number of stories you'd want to fetch from HN

### For Cohere
- `--cohere-model` : Model you want to use for text summarization.
- `--cohere-api-key` **(required)**: API key
- `--cohere-max-tokens` : Max number of tokens

### For OpenAI
- `--openai-model` : Model you want to use for text summarization.
- `--openai-api-key` **(required)**: API key
- `--openai-max-tokens` : Max number of tokens

Example usage:

```shell

> bazel run sematic/examples/hackernews_summarization:hackernews_summarization -- --query llm --openai-api-key '<API_KEY>'

Reviewer: Please also add this alternate usage, which will work once the example is packaged in a released wheel:
```shell
$ sematic run examples/hackernews_summarization
```

> ```

Reviewer: Please add a section with the contents of an example report at the end of the Readme, mentioning that the result can be found in the `report.html` file.
